<html>
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 <style>
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 table, th, td \{
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0border:1px solid red;
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \}
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 </style>
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 <head>
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 <title>My Webpage</title>
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 </head>
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 <body>
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 <BODY BGCOLOR=PINK TEXT=BLACK>
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 <h2>Lydia E &hearts;</h2>
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 <p> I am learning to code faster than I thought I would!<br>I am really enjoying learning about the different elements of design that are involved! <I>I am an Art major so this particular part of the process is super interesting to me.</I><br>I am from Buffalo, NY, and am a sophomore at Mount Holyoke! I am double-majoring in Art Studio &amp; English. This semester I am studying computer science, entrepreneurship, experimental photography, and writing.</p>
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 <p> The <a HREF=\'93https://buffaloakg.org/\'93>AKG</a> is one of my favorite places in Buffalo!<br><a> Stanley Whitney\'92s <a HREF=\'93https://buffaloakg.org/art/exhibitions/how-high-moon\'94><I>How High the Moon</I></a>is one of their current exhibitions on display.</a>
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/eTEKGOi6SVg?si=VNdzQDcEw2dSWZ5q" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0  <div style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto; margin-top: 40px;\
    padding: 20px; width: 500px; font-size: 16px; font-family:'Segoe UI', sans-serif;">\
    Chatty Cathy\uc0\u55357 \u56423 \
   \
   <div style=" margin-top:6px; padding: 20px; background-color: #C8A2C8;\
   border: 4px solid #8ec8df; border-radius: 25px;">\
\
    <form name="chatForm">\
        <p id="botSays">What is your name ? </p>\
        <br>         \
        <input type="text" name="userInput" >\
        <input type="button" value="Send" onClick="displayFeedback(this.form)">\
\
    </form>\
   </div>\
   </div>  \
\
<script>\
\
var counter=0;\
var totalQuestions=4;\
\
var myGraduationYear= 2026;\
var myMajor=\'93English\'94;\
\
//create a list of the majors you are/ were interested in\
var majorInterestedList=[\'93biology\'94, \'93philosophy\'94, \'93environmental studies\'94, \'93economics\'94 ];\
\
var favArtistsList=[\'93Lake Street Dive\'94, \'93Ariana Grande\'94, \'93Billie Holiday\'94];\
\
var userName;\
\
    function displayFeedback(form) \{\
\
        counter++;\
\
        var feedbackText="";\
        var newQuestionText="";\
\
        var userInput= form.userInput.value;\
\
        if (counter==1) \{        \
            userName= userInput;\
            feedbackText="Hello, "+ userName+" ! " +"<br>Nice to meet you."+\
            " I am Cathy, a sophomore at Mount Holyoke College.";\
\
            newQuestionText="Do you also go to Mount Holyoke College ?";              \
        \}\
\
        if (counter==2) \{        \
            feedbackText=\'93Awesome!\'94; \
            newQuestionText="What\'92s your major ?";              \
        \}\
\
        if (counter==3) \{     \
            if (userInput.toLowerCase()== myMajor) feedbackText=\'93Cool! I\'92m also majoring in "+ userInput+"."; \
            \
            else \{\
                feedbackText="I guess you must find "+userInput+" very interesting."+" I\'92m majoring in "+myMajor;\
                \
                //check if user's major is one the majors in your majorInterestedList \
                for (let i = 0; i < majorInterestedList.length; i++) \{      \
                    if (userInput.toLowerCase() == majorInterestedList[i]) \{\
                        feedbackText=userInput+ " was one of the majors I was interested in pursuing.\'94+\
                        " I am now majoring in "+myMajor+".";\
                    \}    \
                \}\
        \}\
\
        newQuestionText="When are you graduating ?"; \
        \}\
\
        if (counter==4) \{     \
            if (userInput== myGraduationYear) feedbackText=\'93Me too! ";  \
            else if (userInput< myGraduationYear) feedbackText="Nice. You\'92ll be graduating earlier than me."; \
            else if (userInput> myGraduationYear) feedbackText="Nice. I will be graduating in "+ myGraduationYear+", a bit later than you.";\
            else feedbackText="Thanks for sharing.";  \
        \}\
        \
		newQuestionText=\'93How old are you?\'94;\
		\}\
\
		feedbackText=\'93Cool! I\'92m 20.\'94\
		\}\
\
 		newQuestionText=\'93Who\'92s your favorite artist?\'94;              \
        \}\
\
        if (counter==3) \{     \
                //check if user's favorite artist is one of the artist in your favArtistList \
                for (let i = 0; i < favArtistList.length; i++) \{      \
                    if (userInput.toLowerCase() == favArtistList[i]) \{\
                        feedbackText=userInput+ \'93That\'92s one of my favorites too!\
\
        //if you have reached the last question\
        if (counter>=totalQuestions ) \{\
            feedbackText=feedbackText+"<br><br>It was nice talking to you, "+userName+"."+\
            "<br>I hope you have a great day!";           \
        \}\
      \
        //update the feedback and clear the input box\
        document.getElementById("botSays").innerHTML = feedbackText+ "<br><br>"+newQuestionText;   \
        form.userInput.value=""; \
    \}\
</script>\
</body>\
</html></div>
\f1 \
}
